```
#### Eladrin Traits

When finishing a long rest, any eladrin can change their season. An eladrin might
choose the season that is present in the world or perhaps the season that most
closely matches the eladrin's current emotional state. For example, an eladrin
might shift to autumn if filled with contentment, another eladrin could change to
winter if plunged into sorrow, still another might be bursting with joy and become
an eladrin of spring, and fury might cause an eladrin to change to summer.

**Ability Score Increase.** Your Charisma score increases by 1.

**Fey Step.** As a bonus action, you can magically teleport up to 30 feet to an
unoccupied space you can see. Once you use this trait, you can't do so again until
you finish a short or long rest. When you reach 3rd level, your Fey Step gains an
additional effect based on your season; if the effect requires a saving throw, the
DC equals 8 + your proficiency bonus + your Charisma modifier. The effects are as
follows:

**Autumn.** Immediately after you use your Fey Step, up to two creatures of your
choice that you can see within 10 feet of you must succeed on a Wisdom saving throw
or be charmed by you for 1 minute, or until you or your companions deal any damage
to it.

**Winter.** When you use your Fey Step, one creature of your choice that you can
see within 5 feet of you before you teleport must succeed on a Wisdom saving throw
or be frightened of you until the end of your next turn.

**Spring.** When you use your Fey Step, you can touch one willing creature within 5
feet of you. That creature then teleports instead of you, appearing in an
unoccupied space of your choice that you can see within 30 feet of you.

**Summer.** Immediately after you use your Fey Step, each creature of your choice
that you can see within 5 feet of you takes fire damage equal to your Charisma
modifier (minimum of 1 damage).
```