```
## Elves
Elves are a magical people of otherworldly grace, living in places of ethereal
beauty, in the midst of ancient forests or in silvery spires glittering with faerie
light, where soft music drifts through the air and gentle fragrances waft on the
breeze. Elves love nature and magic, art and artistry, music and poetry.

### Elf Features
Your elf character has the following features.

**Ability Score Increase.** Your Dexterity score increases by 2.

**Age.** Although elves reach physical maturity at about the same age as humans, the
elven understanding of adulthood goes beyond physical growth to encompass worldly
experience. An elf typically claims adulthood and an adult name around the age of 100
and can live to be 750 years old.

**Alignment.** Elves love freedom, variety, and self-expression, so they lean
strongly towards the gentler aspects of chaos. They value and protect others' freedom
as well as their own, and are good more often than not. Drow are an exception; their
exile into the Underdark has made them vicious and dangerous. Drow are more often
evil than not.

**Size.** Elves range from under 5 to over 6 feet tall and have slender builds. Your
size is Medium.

**Speed.** Your base walking speed is 30 feet.

**Darkvision.** Accustomed to twilit forests and the night sky, you have superior
vision in dark and dim conditions. You can see in dim light within 60 feet of you as
if it were bright light, and in darkness as if it were dim light. You can't discern
color in darkness, only shades of gray.

**Fey Ancestry.** You have advantage on saving throws against being charmed, and
magic can't put you to sleep.

**Trance.** Elves do not sleep. Instead they meditate deeply, remaining
semi-conscious, for 4 hours a day. The Common word for this meditation is "trance."
While meditating, you dream after a fashion; such dreams are actually mental
exercises that have become reflexive after years of practice. After resting in this
way, you gain the same benefit a human would from 8 hours of sleep.

**Keen Senses.** You have proficiency in the Perception skill.

**Languages.** You can speak, read, and write Common and Elven.

#### Shadar-Kai Traits

**Ability Score Increase.** Your Constitution score increases by 1.

**Necrotic Resistance.** You have resistance to necrotic damage.

**Blessing of the Raven Queen.** As a bonus action, you can magically teleport up
to 30 feet to an unoccupied space you can see. Once you use this trait, you can't
do so again until you finish a long rest. Starting at 3rd level, you also gain
resistance to all damage when you teleport using this trait. The resistance lasts
until the start of your next turn. During that time, you appear ghostly and
translucent.
```
